W-19565643 AI Learning Map (#350)
mulesoft/docs-general: modules/ROOT/pages/learning-map-mulesoft-ai.adoc

> = MuleSoft for AI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= MuleSoft AI
```

:page-article-style: learning-map

> MuleSoft for AI empowers agent action with flexible intelligent tooling that integrates systems and automates processes with AI to help accelerate your ability to deliver an actionable, connected enterprise by helping you build, orchestrate, and manage AI-driven experiences. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MuleSoft AI empowers agent action with flexible intelligent tooling that integrates systems and automates processes with AI to help accelerate your ability to deliver an actionable, connected enterprise by helping you build, orchestrate, and manage AI-driven experiences. 
```

The end-to-end AI journey for MuleSoft AI consists of various tasks, each with links to relevant content to assist you in completing them.

[.lm-table, cols="1a,1a,1a", grid="none"]
|===
| image::reuse::lm_start.png[]
[.lm-bold]##Learn About MuleSoft AI##

MuleSoft AI is a set of capabilities for building, orchestrating, governing, deploying, and observing AI agents and agent networks across your enterprise.

> - https://www.mulesoft.com/platform/ai[Learn About MuleSoft AI]

Reviewer: I had to look up capitalization rules for "About". You're right.

- https://www.mulesoft.com/lp/whitepaper/blueprint-for-implementing-ai[Blueprint for Implementing AI]
- https://www.mulesoft.com/lp/whitepaper/build-a-foundation-for-ai-with-integration[Build a Foundation for AI with Integration]

| image::reuse::lm_analyze_1.png[]
[.lm-bold]##Get Started##

Kick off your agentic journey with quickstarts and templates.

- https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/trails/design-and-implement-ai-agents-with-agentforce[Design and Implement AI Agents with Agentforce]
- https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=ai.agent_plan.htm&type=5[Plan Your AI Agent]
- xref:anypoint-code-builder::af-get-started.adoc[Get Started with Agent Networks]

| image::reuse::lm_explore_1.png[]
[.lm-bold]##Design and Orchestrate Agents##

Design and coordinate AI agents using a declarative approach that promotes reuse, governance, and observability.

- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GAqwPie16ic[Learn About MuleSoft Agent Fabric]

> - xref:agent-fabric::learning-map-agent-fabric.adoc[Explore Agent Fabric]

Reviewer: Get Started with?

> - xref:exchange::asset-types.adoc[Learn About Asset Types Published in Exchange]

Reviewer: Should this be "Agent Asset Types"? And "Supported in Exchange"?

Author: I changed it to "agentic"

- xref:exchange::importing-agentforce-agents.adoc[Import Agentforce Agents]
- xref:anypoint-code-builder::af-create-agent-network.adoc[Build Agent Networks for Agent Fabric]
- xref:anypoint-code-builder::af-deploy-agent-network-targets.adoc[Deploy Your Agent Network Instances]

> - https://videos.mulesoft.com/watch/wgZ5WuV6VgDbyK3bFKV2RJ[Watch a Demo: Orchestrate Your Agents]

Reviewer: This one isn't showing the video icon in my local build. I wonder if we need to get Jared to add "videos.mulesoft.com" to that bucket. I'll ask him.

> - https://videos.mulesoft.com/watch/wgZ5WuV6VgDbyK3bFKV2RJ[Watch a Demo: Orchestrate Your Agents]

Reviewer: Should these Watch ones all be consistent: Watch... : Thingie?

> - https://www.mulesoft.com/exchange/org.mule.examples/mcp-b2b-partner-manager-template/minor/0.1/[Use an MCP Tools Template for Anypoint Partner Manager (Beta)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- https://www.mulesoft.com/exchange/org.mule.examples/mcp-b2b-partner-manager-template/minor/0.1/[Try an MCP Tools Template for Partner Manager]
```

Reviewer: Trying to shorten. Also, we can drop Anypoint in UIs. Is beta necessary here?

|===

[.lm-table, cols="1a,1a,1a", grid="none"]
|===
| image::reuse::lm_build_1.png[]
[.lm-bold]##Develop with AI-Powered Tools##

> Accelerate integration and agent development with AI using Anypoint Code Builder, MuleSoft connectors, and other tools.

Reviewer: Are they MuleSoft connectors .... or Anypoint connectors?

Author: @hannanelson They are calling all the AI connectors MuleSoft rather than Anypoint.

> - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1bU8nzFI_Co[Watch a Video Introducing MuleSoft Dev Agent]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1bU8nzFI_Co[Watch an Intro to MuleSoft Dev Agent]
```

Reviewer: "vibe"

Reviewer: Is "video" implied by "watch"? Also, video icon.

> - xref:anypoint-code-builder::int-ai-developing-integrations.adoc[Develop Integrations Using MuleSoft Dev Agent]

Reviewer: Can we say "with" instead of Using? (shorter)

> - xref:anypoint-code-builder::api-ai-design-spec.adoc[Design API Specs Using MuleSoft Dev Agent]

Reviewer: with

- xref:anypoint-code-builder::ai-enabling-api-project-topic-center.adoc[Enable APIs for Topics and Agent Actions]
- https://www.mulesoft.com/platform/ai/model-context-protocol[Understand MuleSoft MCP Support]

> - https://videos.mulesoft.com/watch/Fhho6DvrtMBdcgfCrcXDkz[Spotlight: MuleSoft MCP Support]

Reviewer: What makes a Spotlight vs not?

- xref:a2a-connector::index.adoc[Develop with A2A Connector]
- xref:mcp-connector::index.adoc[Develop with MCP Connector]

> - xref:mulesoft-mcp-server::index.adoc[Develop with MuleSoft MCP Server]

Reviewer: Maybe make this one different - Leverage MuleSoft MCP Server - to distinguish from all the Connectors.

Reviewer: What is the order for these? Order of interest/importance? Should the MCP ones be grouped together? Or alphabetical?

- xref:einstein-ai-connector::index.adoc[Develop with Einstein AI Connector]
- xref:agentforce-connector::index.adoc[Develop with Agentforce Connector]
- xref:mulesoft-ai-chain-connector::index.adoc[Develop with MuleSoft AI Chain Connector]
- xref:inference-connector::index.adoc[Develop with MuleSoft Inference Connector]

| image::reuse::lm_analyze_1.png[]
[.lm-bold]##Observe and Gain Actionable Insights##

> Use Integration Intelligence for advanced monitoring, analysis, troubleshooting, and insights across agentic workloads and integrations.

Reviewer: Is Integration Intelligence a thing yet?

Maybe lowercase until it's an actual released thing?

Author: Good catch. I'm deleting until it's released.

- xref:agent-visualizer::index.adoc[Visualize and Explore Your Agent Network]
- xref:monitoring::anypoint-insights-agentic.adoc[Monitor and Troubleshoot Your Agent Network]

| image::reuse::lm_audience_end_1.png[]
[.lm-bold]##Govern and Secure Your Agents##

Apply policies and secure agent network traffic.

- xref:gateway::index.adoc[Learn About Governance]
- xref:gateway::flex-gateway-managed-ingress-egress.adoc[Govern the Agent Network]
- xref:gateway::flex-gateway-secure-apis.adoc[Secure the Agent Network with Policies]
- https://videos.mulesoft.com/watch/zPeibGjqTAqa4fxF545Jwh[MuleSoft for AI: Govern Your Agents]
|===

[discrete]
== See Also

> 

Reviewer: Agent Fabric?
Agent Visualizer?
